Hey guys before we deep dive into CSX I would like to show you my extensions and workspace settings
in the Visual Studio.
If you're just joining us you don't have to use Visual Studio code in order to follow this course or
even if you are using Visual Studio code you can skip this video and use the setup that makes sense
to you.
However just to show you what is my setup let me spend a few minutes on that.
Now first and foremost I would like to show you a few extensions that I'm using and for this example
I'm going to use the main CSF.
Now obviously we haven't covered yet anything to do with SPSS but what I'm about to show you is just
a little visual thing so I don't think we need to cover what is the assess in order to understand.
Now as you notice these are extensions that I'm using right now.
And if you're just joining us then please head over to previous videos where we talk model live server
installation as well as the prior year if you don't have them already.
Now the first extension that I would like to show you is a bracket per calories.
Now as you can see right now these brackets are pretty much white so there's no distinction in between
them.
I or if we install this extension the same bracket here.
So here we are searching for extensions and we should have the brackets per colonizer.
Now again the only thing we need to do is right now a click install and the extension is available to
us.
Now what bracket better color is.
Does it colorized is the matching bracket.
Now in our case obviously our example is very simple where we just had two sets of brackets and maybe
in the projects or whatever sections we going to be worth.
Now it will not gonna make as much sense as later on as you're progressing with web development however
this is very neat.
Whenever you start working again with large chunks of code where you can at least see what is happening
and understand a little bit more visually.
So that would be the first one and then let's look at the indent rainbow.
Let me just delete this in brackets per colorized or let's say indent rainbow.
And again this will going to make indentation easier to read.
Now how we can see that in real life.
So first of all it's installed as you can see right now it's installed and if I'm gonna head over back
to indexation you will notice that I'm going to have these indentations.
So this pretty much shows us of what code block we're working.
So everything within the body is going to have this indentation on the left hand side.
Now last one is going to be highlight matching tag so again in the lead this let's say highlight matching
and there's gonna be a lot of them so we kind of need to be very specific.
And in this case this would be the name.
Now what's really neat about this extension is again this is going to highlight the matching closing
and opening tax and getting all the names installed it.
For this one we're going to do a little bit of extra setup.
So again let me first say I would make sure that it's here and what's gonna happen is as I click again
on some kind of element it's going to highlight the beginning and the closing tab.
However we're gonna add a little bit of more settings.
So let me scroll down and as you notice here there's gonna be more options now in our case.
First of all I would like to sit like this and then in here you would need to use again the edit.
So we're gonna use the copy so we're gonna copy everything that's right here and we're gonna head over
to our setting.
So we're gonna do settings the cog the settings where we're all gonna be looking for the adjacent object.
And right after a let's say false let's just copy and paste so in our case.
Now this would be the setting.
And here I would like to change this a little bit around.
So I'm going to say that the border with is going to be three pixels the border style is instead of
dot it is gonna be solid red solid and I'm also gonna change the color.
I'm going to say that color is going to be yellow and you can pick a red.
You can pick blue whatever you would like and then border raises.
It's still gonna be five now the same thing is going to go here.
I'm going to say three pixels first of all.
Then again we're looking for solid style as well as last but not least a color should be here.
So this is just gonna be a little bit more distinctive of what I had before.
So again let me head over back to indexation memo and now check it out.
So now I like how these tags are styled this way.
Is that way.
Really clearly shows me of where I'm working now.
Again this is not going to make sense in our very very basic project.
But as we're working with more extensive projects this is gonna save us many many times while we're
still on the subject.
Let me just show you the general settings that I have in my text here.
First I have the windows zoom level but I was and this is gonna change whether I'm gonna be zooming
in or zooming out.
Then the editor font size I have on 26 the tab size would be 1.
And again tab size is right here.
This would be the tab size.
And again if you would want it more you can obviously have two or four.
It's really up to you.
Then I do have the auto save off so that would be all here remember as we're working with life server
we're going to have the auto site everything.
What we going to be writing is gonna be saved and shown.
Write it right there and then I do have the war wrap on.
So that way my lines are not gonna be extending so I don't have to scroll.
And then two settings that I have with the printer where I have a format on paste and format on site.
So every time we're all gonna be saving then the whole code is gonna be formatted.
Now I also have the mini map enabled to false.
So basically I don't have this little mini map.
And again this is really up to you.
You want to keep the mini map you can keep it.
You want to get rid of it.
Just set it equal to the force.
And if you'd like to look at the other settings let's say remember that you have this option or here
where you can search for them.
And once you find them you can actually change it let's say font size do something bigger or smaller.
And then I say this is gonna be displayed here in your Jason settings.
Now you can also work right away here in Jason settings but this obviously gives you a nice graphical
interface.